CNV-55995: Host network configuration visualization (#97234)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-create-node-network-config-console.adoc

[id="virt-create-node-network-config-console_{context}"]
= Creating a policy

You can create a policy by using either a form or YAML in the web console. When creating a policy using a form, you can see how the new policy changes the topology of the nodes in your cluster in real time.

.Procedure
. Navigate to *Networking* → *Node Network Configuration*.

. In the *Node Network Configuration* page, click *Create*, and select the *From Form* option.
+
[NOTE]
====
To create policy using YAML, click *Create*, and select the *With YAML* option. The following steps are applicable to create a policy only by using form.
====
. Optional: Check the *Apply this NodeNetworkConfigurationPolicy only to specific subsets of nodes using the node selector* checkbox to specify the nodes where the policy must be applied.

. Enter the policy name in the *Policy name* field.
. Optional: Enter the description of the policy in the *Description* field.
. Click *Next* to move to the *Policy Interfaces* section.

> . In the *Bridging* part of the *Policy Interfaces* section, a bridge interface named _br0_ is added by default with preset values in editable fields. If required, edit the values by doing the following:

Reviewer: IIRC, (in our docs) we don't use italics to specify values. (We use them sometimes to introduce a new term.) I would either switch it to backticks (if it's code-like) or bold if it's more UI element-ish.

In the last sentence of this step, there should be a noun after `the following`.

ISG ref:
Use with caution **following** _adjective, noun_
To introduce a list, procedure, or subsequent items, always use following as an adjective before a noun. For example, do not write "Complete the following" or "The functions include the following". Instead, write "Complete the following steps" or "The adapter has the following functions".

.. Enter the name of the interface in *Interface name* field.

> .. Select the required network state in the *Network state* part of the section. The default selected state is *Up*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Select the required network state in the *Network state* list. The default selected state is *Up*.
```
If it's what we would normally call a "dropdown menu," we use "list"

Author: @ousleyp This is not a dropdown menu and not a list. It's just several radio buttons, and each one selects a state. Maybe just "Select the required network state." would be enough.

> .. Select the type of interface in the *Type* part of the section. The available types are *Bridge*, *Bonding*, and *Ethernet*. The default selected value is *Bridge*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Select the type of interface in the *Type* list. The available types are *Bridge*, *Bonding*, and *Ethernet*. The default selected value is *Bridge*.
```

====
Alternatively, you can click *Edit YAML* on the top of the page to continue editing the form using YAML.
====

> . Click *Next* to open the *Review* section of the form.
> . Review the settings and click *Create* to complete the policy creation.

Reviewer: Some suggestions for clarity and active voice:

```suggestion
. Click *Next* to go to the *Review* section.
. Verify the settings, and then click *Create* to create the policy.
```
